[{"userid": 73, "itemid": 6, "review": "THIS BOOK WAS LISTED TO BE IN GOOD CONDITION. IT IS IN XLNT CONDITION. DO NOT HESITATE TO PURCHASE THIS BOOK IF YOU ARE INTERESTED IN AMERICAN INDIAN HISTORY, THE BATTLES BETWEEN THE U.S. GOVERNMENT AND THEIR FAILURE TO HONOR THE TREATIES WITH THE NATIVE AMERICANS, THE MISDEEDS OF THE AMERICAN GOVERNMENT AND THEIR FAILURE TO HONOR THE TREATIES THEY ESTABLISHED WITH THE NATIVE AMERICAN INDIANS, AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST THE MOST PROMINENT NATIVE AMERICAN INDIAN POLITICAL PRISONER, LEONARD PELTIER. A MUST HAVE FOR YOUR BOOK COLLECTIONS. THANK YOU AMAZON.COM AND GOODWILL INDUSTRIES. BOOK WAS DELIVERED WAY BEFORE THE EXPECTED DELIVERY DATE! A++++++++++", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "IN THE SPIRIT OF CRAZY HORSE", "entityid": 4}, {"userid": 182, "itemid": 5, "review": "Yes there was a lot of sex in the book. Some of it funny and some disturbing re the prison cells. Unlike some of the other reviewers the sex did not put me off enjoying the book. But to claim that the book is known mainly for the writer's sexual preferences and politics is a view I don't accept. It is well written by a very talented writer. That is why the book should be read. To die at 47 after finally escaping Cuba was a tragedy but what a colourful life he led for all of it's up's and down's. Hardly a dull page in the book and you have to admit that it was as funny as it was chilling and moving.", "rating": 4.0, "summary": "Fascinating Read", "entityid": 5}, {"userid": 174, "itemid": 4, "review": "This was my reading book for Junior English and I must say its a good story that many Americans need to read and understand where the Native Americans are coming from.", "rating": 4.0, "summary": "Tha Oglala", "entityid": 4}, {"userid": 192, "itemid": 7, "review": "Stegner is always good.", "rating": 4.0, "summary": "Four Stars", "entityid": 7}, {"userid": 128, "itemid": 6, "review": "It is hard to like the author/main character of this book. But I have to admire her honesty in not honey coating her life.  I didn't really care for the book, but I'm glad I read it, as it kept me from going to the movie.  The trailers for this move show a feel good, chick flick, and that is not what the book portrays. I am tired of being dupped by Hollywood.  Read it just for that reason.", "rating": 2.0, "summary": "honestly written, would appeal to teens", "entityid": 6}, {"userid": 244, "itemid": 3, "review": "The writing in this book defies every basic rule of decent, quality writing to the point it is distracting (at least for anyone who knows anything about writing).  Cliche's are endless, dialogue is terrible, there is so much interior and 'telling' rather than showing it bores the reader to pieces, and the whole first act drags on when probably 75 percent of it could have been cut.\n\nWhat I found most disturbing about this book, however, is the homicidal thoughts toward a simple young boy - for almost no reason.  I get it, a prisoner is going mad, but I don't want to read about these disturbing, unnecessary images.  Elements of the book are also chauvinistic to its core.  I know, it was written some time ago now.  Still disgusted by it, though.", "rating": 1.0, "summary": "Terrible Writing, Boring, & Disturbing", "entityid": 3}, {"userid": 154, "itemid": 0, "review": "It was bought as a gift and it was what they were looking for and expected. There have been no complaints with this purchase.", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "Gift", "entityid": 0}, {"userid": 188, "itemid": 4, "review": "Very good reading.", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "Five Stars", "entityid": 4}, {"userid": 156, "itemid": 3, "review": "I appreciated what this novel was trying to do, but was bothered by my complete and utter lack of attachment to the characters.  The premise (lives colliding by chance) is intriguing and the narrative is beautifully executed.  What was missing for me was the answer to \"why?.\"  The main character seems to be a passive observer to his own life, with a few moments of real passion interspersed.\n\nAuster does have a gift for metaphor, using Pozzi and Nashe's wall as a symbol of perseverance and incarceration at the same time.  There is a tenderness that while left largely unexplored, runs like a tiny stream throughout the story.  It is this stream that saves the book.  We learn how quickly solitude loses its freedom-like quality when faced with", "rating": 4.0, "summary": "Interesting premise, ambivalent reaction", "entityid": 3}, {"userid": 235, "itemid": 0, "review": "I read this initially almost 20 years ago, following \"Crossing To Safety\" and \"Angle of Repose\" -- two of his masterpieces.  I've just reread it now for a book club and found it much better and more compelling than I remember.  Stegner was a master -- at life and at capturing his wise perceptions about human nature, relationships, and what is important as we work through this long, brief life we're given.", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "Stegner -- The Master", "entityid": 7}, {"userid": 84, "itemid": 6, "review": "this books takes us on a journey into a young woman's life....this is real writing....getting to know someone inside and out....a very fast read!! Not looking forward to the movie! Read this book!! You will not be disappointed!", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "one of the best books out there!!", "entityid": 6}, {"userid": 186, "itemid": 4, "review": "Although he admits his sympathies are with the Indians, the author has produced a remarkably thorough and sound case against the FBI's reign of terror against the American Indian Movement. But has the exposure in this book or other outrageous incidents throughout history made much difference when it comes to the acts of the white man? Sadly, no. In reality, nothing can ever make it right again. Will Leonard Peltier eventually be free? I doubt there is a white man or black man, for that matter, who has the courage to do so. I fear that only in death will that happen. Make no mistake, though, Peltier is no hero...and no martyr...but just another high-profile symbol of the injustices against Indians in this white man country. Although tremendously enlightening I couldn't help but wonder as I finished this book why Peter (or someone) has not done an update...although I understand little can or has been done to change things. I also couldn't help but fantasize about what the US government could do now as a token towards the Native American. Maybe unite as many tribes as possible and GIVE the Indians Yellowstone, Rainier, Yosemite,Zion National Parks...as well as the Mark Twain National Forest for their separate nation or states. As you might have guessed, I believe that Matthiessen has done a masterful job. Let Spirit live on...", "rating": 5.0, "summary": "Compelling yet sad.", "entityid": 4}]
